link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/MichaelMcFadden/pen/eYBdmxK?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning and context to our code
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is used for the strucutre of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute tells the browser more info about a tag and goes inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 tag is for the main title of the page. It should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        a & img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Header
    7. What is an id? 
        An ID specifies a unique ID for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any element it just can only be used once
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        only once
    10. What is a class? 
        used to point to a class name in a style sheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        If the image does not load, it displays a caption fo what the picture represents
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        Sections are used semantically while divs are used for stylistic reasons.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        directly referencing that element by name, for example h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An ID can only be used to identify one element while a class can be used to identify multiple elements with the same class name.
        A class could be used to change styling of all paragraphs while an id may be used to but a border around a single paragraph.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a child of a specified element. Allows you to style multiple elements with a single selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Used to specify a special state of an element like change color when hovering
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
         *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*'comment'*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        re<file> it will not ask you to confirm 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It keeps track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        When you complete a feature or every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo so you have your own version
        clone your repo
        inside you terminal use CD to get to the file where you want to clone your forked repo
        git clone <link-to-repo>
        cd <repo-name> do not forget this step!!!
        create your own branch git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        add and commit changes to branch with git add . then git commit -m "comments about changes"
        push changes to repo with git push -u origin branch-name
        back to github to submit your pull request
        select your name-branch and then select new pull requestD
        Make sure you select you forked repo when on the pull request page
        click create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
